[Music]
thousands March carrying the bodies of
21 members of the aburaya family all
were killed by a fire at their home in
jabalia refugee camp most were
children this tragedy has affected
everyone we slept through a terrible
night I came home and found my children
crying out of grief and fear may God
have mercy on them but everything that
happens in Gaza is because of this
blockade we live within
the neighbors said the family had
gathered to welcome home and celebrate
the birthday of Mahir aburaya who had
just obtained his PhD degree overseas
but shortly after neighbors heard
screams and SE smoke billowing from the
apartment's Windows some people tried to
enter the three-story building hoping to
reach the family but they were prevented
by the intense heat and many were
injured
the 21 members of the aburaya family
have died in the fire now their bodies
remain unseparated as they are buried
here together in this
Cemetery Israel's 15-year Siege of Gaza
and its tight restrictions on the entry
of equipment and material has left the
civil defense and Fire Department in the
occupied territory with limited
sources eyewitnesses say that's a major
reason none of the victims were
saved police investigations also
indicated Patrol stored in the
residential home fueled the fire that
was caused by a gas leak most people in
Gaza store fuel in their homes as winter
approaches to provide heat during long
power
Cuts we express our full solidarity with
the entire abua family in relatives and
we confirm that the unjust Israeli siege
that caused a lack of capabilities with
the civil defense and other departments
is the major reason for the high number
of victims in this
tragedy the Palestinian president Mahmud
Abbas and Palestinian factions in Gaza
announced Friday would be a day of
mourning for those who died and they
called for international pressure to end
Israel's blockade of the strip yed Al
jazer Gaza